Weather:
Partly Cloudy 72 deg Seoul South Korea.
The high will be 86 deg. 
Update: it feels like 72 deg. 
Update: It's really windy here in Utah and it took me an hour and a half to get home from school. I would rather be in Korea.
Day 2: Today in Seoul South Korea there are clear skies, it's 73 deg and 11:30 pm.
对我可以写中文。我没有在说谎。今天在中国的天气是跟韩国差不多。

Incredibles:
"Honey?"
"What?"
"Where is my super suit?"
"What?"
"Where. Is. My. Super. Suit?"
"I uh, put it away!"
"WHERE?"
"Why do you 'need' to know?!"
"I need it!"
"Oh no! Don't you think about going out to do no daring do! We've been planning this dinner for two months!"
"The Publics in danger!"
"My evenings in danger!"
"You tell me where my suit is woman! We are talking about the greater good!"
"Greater good? I. Am. Your. WIFE. I am the greatest 'good' you're ever gonna get"

Geico:
"hm, 15 minutes could save you 15% or more on car insurance."
"Everybody knows that."
"Well, did you know that pinnocchio wasn't a very good motivational speaker?"
". . . .?"

"I look around this room and I see NOTHING but untacked potential. 'you' have potential" *nose lengethens* *gasps of dissappointment and shock* "Oh boy. . . ."

"Now you have a friend in the diamond business. Shane company, at the corner of State Street and 7200 South. Open weekdays 'till 8:00, Saturdays 'till 5:00, closed Sundays. Online at shaneco.com."


Iron Man:
"That's how Dad did it, that's how America does it, and it's worked out pretty well so far."

Lord of the Rings:
"All shall love me and despair!"

Weather Update:
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs.

August 24, 2019:
I was trying to add a branch to kind of categorize these sections, (ie: Movie Quotes, Weather Tracker, Lyrics etc) But I think I screwed it up so I undid it and will try again tomorrow. 

The Songbird and the Sea:
"Such a beautiful voice, Songbird." "But I wonder, will you ever let me hear it again, or was this my one chance?" - Min Yoongi
"I've come for you, Songbird." - Min Yoongi 

Weather Update:
it's too hot in my room. 

Winter Bear by V 
"She looks like a blue parrot
would you come fly to me?
I want some good day.
Looks like a winter Bear
you sleep so happily
I wish you good night

Imagine your face
say hello to me
then all the bad days
they're nothing to me
with you. 

Branch:
I'm doing something wrong. I want to make this more organized but can't seem to figure how to make it work. I must be dumb. 

Random Question Generator:
Q: What is the worst thing you ever tasted?
A: 1. Pig feet. 2. Squid legs covered in BBQ sauce. 3. Oysters.

Q: What's the funniest tv show you've ever seen?
A: The Office. 

Q: is a hotdog a sandwich?
A: I beleive so yes because it is a meat object inbetween two pieces of bread. What else would it be?

Q: What are some of the dumbest lyrics you've heard in a song?
A: "You designate me you resume me." -Namjoons rap in Heartbeat by BTS. It sounds like he says "Resinate me" but it's "Resume" me and i've pondered this for a while but it DOESN'T MAKE SENSE! 
I love him but I don't get it. 

Q: is the concept of "you" continuous or does past "you" continually fade into present
and future "you"? In other words, what part of "you" sticks around over time considering
that the atoms that make up your body are constantly being replaced and your memories are 
always changing?
A: . . . . .woah. . . .I have no freaking clue. 


Q: What's the most ridiculous thing you have convinced someone is true?
A: I convinced my sister YEARS ago that in the Mario Kart Wii Yoshi map, the object of the game 
was to try and land on the big Yoshi egg in the center of the track. So while she continuously 
threw herself off the edge of the map, I actually drove around the track, got first and she got last.















